how David came to nob - ahem Erlich for
how David came to nob - ahem Erlich for priest and a him Alek was afraid when he
priest and a him Alek was afraid when he
priest and a him Alek was afraid when he met David and said to him why are you
met David and said to him why are you
met David and said to him why are you alone and no one is with you the King
alone and no one is with you the King
alone and no one is with you the King has ordered me on some business and said
has ordered me on some business and said
has ordered me on some business and said to me do not let anyone know anything
to me do not let anyone know anything
to me do not let anyone know anything about the business on which I send you
about the business on which I send you
about the business on which I send you or what I have commanded you and I have
or what I have commanded you and I have
or what I have commanded you and I have directed my young men to such and such a
directed my young men to such and such a
directed my young men to such and such a place
place
place now therefore what have you on hand
now therefore what have you on hand
now therefore what have you on hand give me five loaves of bread in my hand
give me five loaves of bread in my hand
give me five loaves of bread in my hand or whatever can be found there is no
or whatever can be found there is no
or whatever can be found there is no common bread on hand but there is holy
common bread on hand but there is holy
common bread on hand but there is holy bread if the young men have at least
bread if the young men have at least
bread if the young men have at least kept themselves from women truly women
kept themselves from women truly women
kept themselves from women truly women have been kept from us about three days
have been kept from us about three days
have been kept from us about three days since I came out and the vessels of the
since I came out and the vessels of the
since I came out and the vessels of the young men are holy and the bread is in
young men are holy and the bread is in
young men are holy and the bread is in effect common even though it was
effect common even though it was
effect common even though it was consecrated in the vessel this day
consecrated in the vessel this day
consecrated in the vessel this day so the priest gave him holy bread for
so the priest gave him holy bread for
so the priest gave him holy bread for there was no bread there but the
there was no bread there but the
there was no bread there but the showbread which had been taken from
showbread which had been taken from
showbread which had been taken from before the Lord in order to put hot
before the Lord in order to put hot
before the Lord in order to put hot bread in its place on the day when it
bread in its place on the day when it
bread in its place on the day when it was taken away now a certain man of the
was taken away now a certain man of the
was taken away now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day
servants of Saul was there that day
servants of Saul was there that day detained before the Lord and his name
detained before the Lord and his name
detained before the Lord and his name was doing an Edomite the chief of the
was doing an Edomite the chief of the
was doing an Edomite the chief of the herdsmen who belonged to Saul and David
herdsmen who belonged to Saul and David
herdsmen who belonged to Saul and David said to a hymn elec is there not here on
said to a hymn elec is there not here on
said to a hymn elec is there not here on hand a spear or a sword for I have
hand a spear or a sword for I have
hand a spear or a sword for I have brought neither my sword nor my weapons
brought neither my sword nor my weapons
brought neither my sword nor my weapons with me because the Kings business
with me because the Kings business
with me because the Kings business required haste the sword of Goliath the
required haste the sword of Goliath the
required haste the sword of Goliath the Philistine whom you killed in the Valley
Philistine whom you killed in the Valley
Philistine whom you killed in the Valley of Elah there it is wrapped in a cloth
of Elah there it is wrapped in a cloth
of Elah there it is wrapped in a cloth behind the ephod if you will take that
behind the ephod if you will take that
behind the ephod if you will take that take it well there is no other except
take it well there is no other except
take it well there is no other except that one here there is none like it give
that one here there is none like it give
that one here there is none like it give it to me and David arose and fled that
it to me and David arose and fled that
it to me and David arose and fled that day from before Seoul and went to a
day from before Seoul and went to a
day from before Seoul and went to a Koosh the king of Gath and the servants
Koosh the king of Gath and the servants
Koosh the king of Gath and the servants of a Koosh said to him is this not David
of a Koosh said to him is this not David
of a Koosh said to him is this not David the king of the land
the king of the land
the king of the land did they not sing of him to one another
did they not sing of him to one another
did they not sing of him to one another in dances saying Saul has slain his
in dances saying Saul has slain his
in dances saying Saul has slain his thousands and David his ten thousands
thousands and David his ten thousands
thousands and David his ten thousands now David took these words to heart and
now David took these words to heart and
now David took these words to heart and was very much afraid of a Koosh the king
was very much afraid of a Koosh the king
was very much afraid of a Koosh the king of Gath so he changed his behavior
of Gath so he changed his behavior
of Gath so he changed his behavior before them pretended madness and their
before them pretended madness and their
before them pretended madness and their hands scratched on the doors of the gate
hands scratched on the doors of the gate
hands scratched on the doors of the gate and let his saliva fall down on his
and let his saliva fall down on his
and let his saliva fall down on his beard then a Koosh said to his servants
beard then a Koosh said to his servants
beard then a Koosh said to his servants look you see the man is insane why have
look you see the man is insane why have
look you see the man is insane why have you brought him to me
you brought him to me
you brought him to me have I need of madmen that you were
have I need of madmen that you were
have I need of madmen that you were brought this fellow to play the madman
brought this fellow to play the madman
brought this fellow to play the madman in my presence
in my presence
in my presence shall this fellow come into my house